2018年7月23日 下午2:17
发件人 xxx
> hello

> We have carefully read and checked the relevant regulations and specifications of the relevant app store, and confirmed that our application did not violate the relevant regulations and specifications. Therefore, we hope you can explain in detail what our application does not conform to the specifications, and we will adjust according to the feedback


2018年7月20日 上午5:44
发件人 Apple
Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


> This type of app has been identified as one that may violate one or more of the following App Store Review Guidelines. Specifically, these types of apps often:
> 
> 1.1.6 - Include false information, features, or misleading metadata.
> 2.3.0 - Undergo significant concept changes after approval
> 2.3.1 - Have hidden or undocumented features, including hidden "switches" that redirect to a gambling or lottery website
> 3.1.1 - Use payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase to unlock features or functionality in the app
> 3.2.1 - Do not come from the financial institution performing the loan services
> 4.3.0 - Are a duplicate of another app or are conspicuously similar to another app
> 5.2.1 - Were not submitted by the legal entity that owns and is responsible for offering any services provided by the app
> 5.2.3 - Facilitate illegal file sharing or include the ability to save, convert, or download media from third party sources without explicit authorization from those sources
> 5.3.4 - Do not have the necessary licensing and permissions for all the locations where the app is used
> 
> Before we can continue with our review, please confirm that this app does not violate any of the above guidelines. You may reply to this message in Resolution Center or the App Review Information section in App Store Connect to verify this app’s compliance. 
> 
> Given the tendency for apps of this type to violate the aforementioned guidelines, this review will take additional time. If at any time we discover that this app is in violation of these guidelines, the app will be rejected and removed from the App Store, and it may result in the termination of your Apple Developer Program account.
> 
> Should you choose to resubmit this app without confirming this app’s compliance, the next submission of this app will still require a longer review time. Additionally, this app will not be eligible for an expedited review until we have received your confirmation.
> 
> 
> 
> Since your App Store Connect status is Metadata Rejected, we do NOT require a new binary. To revise the metadata, visit App Store Connect to select your app and revise the desired metadata values. Once you’ve completed all changes, reply to this message in Resolution Center and we will continue the review.

